Paper wording changes (#217)
precice/aste: docs/paper.md

Besides preCICE itself, core ingredients for practical applications are preCICE API language bindings, preCICE adapters, the simulation frameworks and their dependencies.
ASTE, on the other hand, replaces coupled models and only requires a reduced set of dependencies.
It abstracts the computational complexity of the models away by extracting the relevant information from VTK files instead and passing extracted data to preCICE, potentially in parallel on distributed memory.

> These VTK files can be artificially generated or imported from an existing preCICE simulation.

Author: I think the sentence is at the same time too concrete and too vague.
I propose to reduce this to "Make or import them". Everything concrete is handled in the section below.

> While the VTK files may stem from actual simulations

The use-case is to study an existing scenario from a preCICE simulation. So lets mention this.

> ASTE can also generate artificial VTK files with prescribed coupling data.

Tools and data are covered in the section below. Let's leave them out.

Reviewer: > ASTE can also generate artificial VTK files

Hm, the capabilities of ASTE being able to generate those files is now implicitly hidden in the python script links, right?

Author: ASTE is the testing environment which contains the scripts etc.
Generation is part of that.
Theoretically the mapping-tester too.

Reviewer: >  Generation is part of that.

I agree, the discussion here is about where we write this in the paper.

Author: > Hm, the capabilities of ASTE being able to generate those files is now implicitly hidden in the python script links, right?

Ah sorry, I missed the "link" part.

Lets clarify that these scripts are actually included in ASTE:

> The VTK files can be generated from mesh generation tools (e.g., GMSH [@gmsh]), included [Python scripts](https://github.com/precice/aste/tree/develop/tools/mesh-generators), other simulation software, or directly reused from a [completed preCICE simulation](https://precice.org/configuration-export.html).

Reviewer: The VTK files can be imported from an existing preCICE simulation? This doesn't sound right. If anything, they can be 'reused from a completed simulation".

I don't like the proposed change in this line, though. There is value in clearly stating that "ASTE can generate VTK files with prescribed coupling data". The use case is a need in our application and the statement is not equivalent to "VTK files can be generated from included Python scripts".

I would go for the two changes below then if you agree.

Author: Ok. Let's do that

Author: ```suggestion
While the VTK files may stem from actual simulations, ASTE can also generate artificial VTK files with prescribed coupling data.
```

Besides preCICE itself, core ingredients for practical applications are preCICE API language bindings, preCICE adapters, the simulation frameworks and their dependencies.
ASTE, on the other hand, replaces coupled models and only requires a reduced set of dependencies.
It abstracts the computational complexity of the models away by extracting the relevant information from VTK files instead and passing extracted data to preCICE, potentially in parallel on distributed memory.

> VTK files can be produced from existing preCICE simulations without recompilation.

Reviewer: Why should there be any recompilation?

Author: I try to make sure that using this feature isn't a big pain point.
It is common to `#ifdef`remove such output when applications don't use it. Similar to the PoU cluster export.

Maybe:
```suggestion
VTK files can be produced from existing preCICE simulations by configuring exports at runtime.
```

Reviewer: Isn't this clear from the sentence below?

```
The VTK files can be generated from mesh generation tools (e.g., GMSH [@gmsh]), [Python scripts](https://github.com/precice/aste/tree/develop/tools/mesh-generators) or directly reused from a [completed preCICE simulation](https://precice.org/configuration-export.html).
```

Author: I'll rewrite the suggestion. Sec
Lets continue there.

ASTE can also generate artificial VTK files with prescribed coupling data.
On top of that, the entire tool chain of ASTE enables to easily alter the simulation setup through different mesh partitionings, and specifically for the configuration of data mappings in preCICE, ASTE can evaluate additional accuracy metrics of used mappings.

> ![Dependency graph between models, applications, and libraries for a coupled simulation with FEniCS and OpenFOAM compared to a dependency graph using ASTE.\label{fig:dependency-graph}](dependency-graph.pdf)

Author: Either the dependency types need to be explained (at least mentioned) in the caption or in the figure.
Without some research a reader will not know what these nodes mean.

Reviewer: What do you suggest?

Author: At least the suggested text or to use different node shapes/styles/text to differentiate dependency types.

# Functionality & Use

The central interface of ASTE is given through a VTK mesh file, which contains information about the geometric shape of the model we emulate.

> The VTK files can be generated from mesh generation tools (e.g., GMSH [@gmsh]), [Python scripts](https://github.com/precice/aste/tree/develop/tools/mesh-generators) or directly reused from a [completed preCICE simulation](https://precice.org/configuration-export.html).

Author: Some simulation software can export to VTK.
This may be an important first step for evaluating mapping performance before deciding to using preCICE.
